documentation/SRS/Software Requirements Specification.md, before:

# Software Requirements Specification - DHPoly

## 1. Introduction

The only time that is wasted is the time when you thin about time. To net let that happen, we will provide you with the best entertainment there will be.

That is what our project "DHPoly" is for.



## 2. Purpose

This SRS describes all specifications of DHPoly. Our game will be based on the usual Monopoly rules. To ensure that the game will hold completely new experiences, we will add dynamically occurring weather events.



## 3. Scope

There are five major sectors we will be focusing on:

#### Playing field:

The playing field will be different from all the other Monopolys' playing fields, but it will contain all the mayor features one connects to a common Monopoly.

#### Surface:

A pleasant looking surface design invites to have a game or two.

#### Events:

Interesting and crazy events and dynamic game changes provide a completely new game experience.

#### Trading and making business:

When playing Monopoly playing and making the smartest decision for your Business Play a very important role.

#### AI (artificial intelligence):

We want to make it possible to play Monopoly even when your friends are not around. That for there will be opportunities to Play against programmed robots.

### 3.1 Definitions, Acronyms and Abbreviations

| Acronym | Definition                          |
| ------- | ----------------------------------- |
| SRS     | Software Requirements Specification |
| UCD     | Use Case Diagram                    |

### References

| Name          | Link                                     |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| DHPoly-Blog   | [Link](https://dhpoly.wordpress.com/)    |
| DHPoly-Github | [Link](https://github.com/koehler1000/DHpoly) |
| Use-Cases     | [Link](https://github.com/koehler1000/DHpoly/tree/master/documentation/use-cases) |



## 4. Overall Description

As described in the introduction, we want to create a special version of Monopoly.

Our Use-Case-Diagram (UCD) can be seen below:

![Use-Case-Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/koehler1000/DHpoly/master/documentation/UML/UML.jpg)

## 5. Specific Requirements

In this chapter there are the requirements for each individual function in our project.

### 5.1 Functionality

#### 5.1.1 Functionality Frontend: Game-window

In the game window you are able to play DHPoly solo or with other people. Before the game starts, you have to decide about the number of additional opponents. As a player you are able to move, trade with others, build houses, buy fields and trade with other players.

#### 5.1.2 Functionality Backend: Events

There are randomly occurring weather and exchange rate events.

#### 5.1.3 Functionality Backend: Administration

The game owner can start and configure the game.

#### 5.1.4 Functionality Backend: Network

Players can join a game through the network.

### 5.2 Usability

Our game will have an easy usable graphical interface. Instructions and configurations are kept very trivial, so that it is very simple to start a game without the need to analyze the settings or anything else for minutes. However, there will be an amount of hints to make it even more accessible for new players.

### 5.3 Reliability

The multiplayer function of the game is hosted on the computer of the game owner. Because of that the reliability depends on the host’s computer and network. Whenever there is a bug, players can use our contact form to send us further information about the error, so we can analyze and solve it as fast as possible.

### 5.4 Performance

Our game will react instantly to the inputs of the players. Our goal is to shorten the loading times as good as we can.

### 5.5 Supportability

To be done.

### 5.6 Design Constraint

To be done.

### 5.7 On-line User documentation and help system requirements

To be done.

### 5.8 Purchased Components

To be done.

### 5.9 Interfaces

To be done.

### 5.10 Licensing Requirements

To be done.

### 5.11 Legal, Copyright and Other Notices

To be done.

### 5.12 Applicable Standards

To be done.

## 6. Supporting Information

To be done.

Commit message:

Added multiplayer to scope
#DHP-135

documentation/SRS/Software Requirements Specification.md, after:

# Software Requirements Specification - DHPoly

## 1. Introduction

The only time that is wasted is the time when you thin about time. To net let that happen, we will provide you with the best entertainment there will be.

That is what our project "DHPoly" is for.



## 2. Purpose

This SRS describes all specifications of DHPoly. Our game will be based on the usual Monopoly rules. To ensure that the game will hold completely new experiences, we will add dynamically occurring weather events.



## 3. Scope

There are six major sectors we will be focusing on:

#### Playing field:

The playing field will be different from all the other Monopolys' playing fields, but it will contain all the mayor features one connects to a common Monopoly.

#### Surface:

A pleasant looking surface design invites to have a game or two.

#### Events:

Interesting and crazy events and dynamic game changes provide a completely new game experience.

#### Trading and making business:

When playing Monopoly playing and making the smartest decision for your Business Play a very important role.

#### AI (artificial intelligence):

We want to make it possible to play Monopoly even when your friends are not around. That for there will be opportunities to Play against programmed robots.

#### Multiplayer:

Multiplayer is possible via the internet or on the same device locally.

### 3.1 Definitions, Acronyms and Abbreviations

| Acronym | Definition                          |
| ------- | ----------------------------------- |
| SRS     | Software Requirements Specification |
| UCD     | Use Case Diagram                    |

### References

| Name          | Link                                     |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| DHPoly-Blog   | [Link](https://dhpoly.wordpress.com/)    |
| DHPoly-Github | [Link](https://github.com/koehler1000/DHpoly) |
| Use-Cases     | [Link](https://github.com/koehler1000/DHpoly/tree/master/documentation/use-cases) |



## 4. Overall Description

As described in the introduction, we want to create a special version of Monopoly.

Our Use-Case-Diagram (UCD) can be seen below:

![Use-Case-Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/koehler1000/DHpoly/master/documentation/UML/UML.jpg)

## 5. Specific Requirements

In this chapter there are the requirements for each individual function in our project.

### 5.1 Functionality

#### 5.1.1 Functionality Frontend: Game-window

In the game window you are able to play DHPoly solo or with other people. Before the game starts, you have to decide about the number of additional opponents. As a player you are able to move, trade with others, build houses, buy fields and trade with other players.

#### 5.1.2 Functionality Backend: Events

There are randomly occurring weather and exchange rate events.

#### 5.1.3 Functionality Backend: Administration

The game owner can start and configure the game.

#### 5.1.4 Functionality Backend: Network

Players can join a game through the network.

### 5.2 Usability

Our game will have an easy usable graphical interface. Instructions and configurations are kept very trivial, so that it is very simple to start a game without the need to analyze the settings or anything else for minutes. However, there will be an amount of hints to make it even more accessible for new players.

### 5.3 Reliability

The multiplayer function of the game is hosted on the computer of the game owner. Because of that the reliability depends on the host’s computer and network. Whenever there is a bug, players can use our contact form to send us further information about the error, so we can analyze and solve it as fast as possible.

### 5.4 Performance

Our game will react instantly to the inputs of the players. Our goal is to shorten the loading times as good as we can.

### 5.5 Supportability

To be done.

### 5.6 Design Constraint

To be done.

### 5.7 On-line User documentation and help system requirements

To be done.

### 5.8 Purchased Components

To be done.

### 5.9 Interfaces

To be done.

### 5.10 Licensing Requirements

To be done.

### 5.11 Legal, Copyright and Other Notices

To be done.

### 5.12 Applicable Standards

To be done.

## 6. Supporting Information

To be done.
